# Meeting 29/12/2025

Topics of the meeting:
- Generated videos from the report of DreamerV3 function.
- Pending tasks.

Meeting observations:
- The report video contains the following elements:
    - 6 columns, each one is a batch.
    
    - 3 rows:
        - First row: real observation image. 
        - Second row: decoded image from stochastic state ($z_t$, $\hat{z}_t$). 
        - Third row: difference between predicted image and the real observation.
    
    - The second row is split in two halves: 
        - The first half the prediction is from the real stochastic state $z_t \sim q_\phi(z_t | h_t, x_t)$. 
        - The second half is from the imagined trajectory $\hat{z}_t \sim p_\phi(\hat{z}_t | h_t)$. 

    - A green border indicates the first half, corresponding to $decode(z_t)$, while the red border indicates the second half, corresponding to $decode(\hat{z}_t)$.

    - The agent presses the button until the cookie reaches the "right corner" (top-left corner). Once the cookie is in this corner, the agent moves towards it.
    
    - The policy corresponds to the sequence of actions from the replay buffer, so the agent may move toward the real cookie while imagining a cookie in a different direction.

    - During imagination, the probability of the cookie appearing in the "right corner" is higher than the others corners. 

    - Occasionally, phantom cookies appear! 

Tasks for the next meeting:
- Run experiments with a deterministic cookie for some runs to verify whether leraning is consistent and not due to coincidence. 

- Study the loss functions and identify the similarities with the intrinsic learning paper.

- Run the new environment where the cookie cannot does not respawn once it is placed on the grid.
 